README.md, before:

# munliwall

A simple yet powerful tool designed to transform your workspace with ease. `munliwall` lets you effortlessly manage your desktop backgrounds — download stunning wallpapers, upload your own creations, or update your setup automatically.

## Installation

### Desktop Application (Linux)

You can download the latest version of the desktop application from the [Releases](https://github.com/munlicode/munliwall/releases) page. We provide support for AppImage, Debian (.deb), and Snap packages.

#### AppImage (Recommended)

1.  Download `munliwall-x.x.x.AppImage`.
2.  Make it executable:
    ```bash
    chmod +x munliwall-x.x.x.AppImage
    ```
3.  Run it:
    ```bash
    ./munliwall-x.x.x.AppImage
    ```

#### Debian Package (.deb)

1.  Download `munliwall-x.x.x.deb`.
2.  Install it using `dpkg`:
    ```bash
    sudo dpkg -i munliwall-x.x.x.deb
    ```
    (Run `sudo apt install -f` if you encounter dependency errors)
3.  Launch "munliwall" from your applications menu.

#### Snap Package

1.  Download `munliwall-x.x.x.snap`.
2.  Install it:
    ```bash
    sudo snap install munliwall-x.x.x.snap --dangerous
    ```
    *(Note: The `--dangerous` flag is required because the package is installed locally and not verified by the Snap Store signature).*

### CLI Tool

The CLI tool allows you to manage wallpapers directly from your terminal.

1.  Download `cli.zip` from the Releases page.
2.  Unzip the archive:
    ```bash
    unzip cli.zip
    ```
3.  Navigate to the `dist` directory.
4.  Run the CLI:
    ```bash
    ./munliwall --help
    ```

**Example Commands:**

*   **Set a random wallpaper:**
    ```bash
    ./munliwall random
    ```
*   **Set a wallpaper from a specific source (e.g., Unsplash):**
    ```bash
    ./munliwall set --source unsplash --query "nature"
    ```
*   **List history:**
    ```bash
    ./munliwall history
    ```

## Development

To build the project locally:

1.  Clone the repository.
2.  Install dependencies:
    ```bash
    pnpm install
    ```
3.  Build the desktop app:
    ```bash
    pnpm --filter @munlicode/munliwall-desktop run build
    ```

## License

MIT

Commit message:

docs: Update CLI installation instructions in README.md
Provided clearer instructions for installing and using the CLI, including how to make binaries executable, rename them, and add them to the system PATH for convenience.

README.md, after:

# munliwall

A simple yet powerful tool designed to transform your workspace with ease. `munliwall` lets you effortlessly manage your desktop backgrounds — download stunning wallpapers, upload your own creations, or update your setup automatically.

## Installation

### Desktop Application (Linux)

You can download the latest version of the desktop application from the [Releases](https://github.com/munlicode/munliwall/releases) page. We provide support for AppImage, Debian (.deb), and Snap packages.

#### AppImage (Recommended)

1.  Download `munliwall-x.x.x.AppImage`.
2.  Make it executable:
    ```bash
    chmod +x munliwall-x.x.x.AppImage
    ```
3.  Run it:
    ```bash
    ./munliwall-x.x.x.AppImage
    ```

#### Debian Package (.deb)

1.  Download `munliwall-x.x.x.deb`.
2.  Install it using `dpkg`:
    ```bash
    sudo dpkg -i munliwall-x.x.x.deb
    ```
    (Run `sudo apt install -f` if you encounter dependency errors)
3.  Launch "munliwall" from your applications menu.

#### Snap Package

1.  Download `munliwall-x.x.x.snap`.
2.  Install it:
    ```bash
    sudo snap install munliwall-x.x.x.snap --dangerous
    ```
    *(Note: The `--dangerous` flag is required because the package is installed locally and not verified by the Snap Store signature).*

### CLI Tool

The CLI tool allows you to manage wallpapers directly from your terminal.

1.  **Download `cli.zip`** from the [Releases](https://github.com/munlicode/munliwall/releases) page.
2.  **Unzip the archive**:
    ```bash
    unzip cli.zip
    ```
    This will extract the executable binaries directly into your current directory. You will find files like `munliwall-cli-linux`, `munliwall-cli-macos`, and `munliwall-cli-win.exe`.
3.  **Make Executable (Linux/macOS)**:
    ```bash
    chmod +x munliwall-cli-linux # or munliwall-cli-macos
    ```
4.  **Run It**:
    ```bash
    ./munliwall-cli-linux --help # or the relevant binary for your OS
    ```

#### For Convenience (Optional)

To make the CLI tool easier to use from any directory, you can rename the binary and move it to a directory included in your system's `PATH` (e.g., `/usr/local/bin` on Linux/macOS):

```bash
# Rename the binary
mv munliwall-cli-linux munliwall # Replace with your OS's binary name if not Linux

# Move to a directory in your PATH (requires administrator/root privileges)
sudo mv munliwall /usr/local/bin/
```
Now you can simply type `munliwall` in any terminal to run the CLI:
```bash
munliwall --help
```

**Example Commands:**

*   **Set a random wallpaper:**
    ```bash
    munliwall random
    ```
*   **Set a wallpaper from a specific source (e.g., Unsplash):**
    ```bash
    munliwall set --source unsplash --query "nature"
    ```
*   **List history:**
    ```bash
    munliwall history
    ```

## Development

To build the project locally:

1.  Clone the repository.
2.  Install dependencies:
    ```bash
    pnpm install
    ```
3.  Build the desktop app:
    ```bash
    pnpm --filter @munlicode/munliwall-desktop run build
    ```

## License

MIT
